{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 63M with a history significant of known Rt nasal mass (~20 yrs) p/t CCH ED 2/7 w/Lt facial droop, LUE weakness, dysarthria, found to have incidental RUL mass and mediastinal lymphadenopathy on CTA neck (pending bx). MRI stroke wwo w/acute Rt frontal lobe infarct (now on ASA81 last taken this am), multifocal BL hemisphere multifocal lesions c/f mets
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Labs (2/8) wnl
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Exam- wide awake, intact except mildly slurred speech, Lt droop, Rt tongue deviation, subtle lt drift, LUE 4+/5
\fs24 \
\
\'97\
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 75M with past medical history notable for HF, vocal cord paralysis ('96 s/p trach), DVT/PE (on eliquis last taken 2/9) p/t CCH ED 2/10 w/dizziness and gait instability (likely 2/2 orthostatic hypotension per primary). NSGY c/s for canal stenosis 2/2 C4-5 and C5-6 disc bulges found on CT C-spine obtained for pt reported non-radiating neck pain
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Pt endorses generalized weakness/dizziness upon standing, non-radiating neck pain and LBP, but otherwise denies all s/s of radiculopathy and myelopathy
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Na 130, CBC/Coags pending
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Exam - intact
\fs24 \
\
\'97\
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 58F with a PMH significant for cervical stenosis (s/p C4-7 ACDF 4/'19, C3-4 ACDF4/'21), thoracolumbar stenosis w/neurogenic claudication (s/p T11/L3 partial lami, T12, L2, L4 lamis 2/'20) presenting to CCH ED gait instability + BL feet numbness/paresthesias x10d. NSGY c/s for CT C-spine w/o w/canal stenosis 2/2 displaced C3-4 interbody cage into prevertebral space w/grade 2 C3-4 retrolisthesis on CT C-spine wo and canal stenosis at T11-12 found on CT T-spine wo.
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Pt reports 3+ falls over last week and denies difficulty w/dexterity, radicular pain, sensory level, band-like pain/numbness, saddle anesthesia, b/b incontinence, and ACAP use\'a0
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 CBC/BMP wnl, Coags pending
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Exam - Intact except RUE 5/5/5/5/4, LUE 5/5/5/5/4+, BL hoffmans, Lt clonus, RUE DTRs 3+\
\
\'97\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 51M with PMH significant MVA (~5 yrs ago, c/b LLE numbness), recent stab to Lt shoulder/face ("several days ago," seen at OSH) presenting to CCH after being assault last night (+BHT, +LOC, intoxicated on arrival). CT head, C-spine, CAP all neg. NSGY c/s for further recs after "superior cortical deformity" at C7 c/f fx identified on C-spine Flex/Ex XR obtained for persistent posterior cervical tenderness
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 HH 11.6/35.6 PLT 190, PT 15.4, EtOH 347
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Exam - intact except known non-dermatomal decreased sensation in LLE, midline posterior cervical tenderness
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\'97\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 83M with severe dementia (completely dependent for ADLs per wife) and hx multiple falls, transferred to CCH ED from OSH for neurosurgical evaluation after CT L-spine there reportedly showed \'93multiple incidental spine fractures\'94 (initially p/w \'93low back spasms\'94).
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Per wife, pt has baseline long-standing urinary incontinence. He has not endorsed radicular pain, axial loading pain, numbness, weakness, gait instability, difficulty walking, saddle anesthesia, or ACAP use.
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Exam: Ox0, mumbles, does not follow commands but MAES and strong, ~5/5 (per wife, baseline).
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}